[THEME MUSIC]
>> Hi, everyone.
Well, you were at the right
place at the right time,
doing the right thing.
And the information you're
going to receive today
is going to be profoundly
different than anything
you've heard from anyone else.
And I want you to
think about yourself,
because each one of you
are here because you're
health enthusiasts.
You're enthusiastic
about living a long time
and having a high
quality of life.
Because we type in Google--
longest living people,
and it's not very
exciting because they
look really terrible.
And we know that the average age
span is 85 years old down to 75.
So even in the mainstream up
to the health enthusiasts,
the average is still 75 to 85.
And I spent the last 20 years
learning a lot of amazing things
from people like you who are
at these events, and gurus
and sages and experts
all around the world.
I gained access to $90
million worth of revenue
that we reinvested to learn
the truth about how to support
your body to stay alive.
And I noticed that all the
people I was learning from
were dying at the
average age of 75 to 85.
And one of them died at
58, one of them died at 70.
I'm like, OK, there's
something we're missing.
And I came to the
realization that I
didn't know, you don't know,
but there's knowledge out
there somewhere that will open
up a lock that will allow us
to maintain a biological
age between 25 and 35
and a structural age
between 25 and 35,
and retain that indefinitely.
And we already know about all
the things that we should do,
and so they're all great.
And, I mean, all
the technologies,
I love all of them.
We spent like a million and a
half dollars on just technology
alone.
But after $90 million in
20 years, it got so simple,
I thought, OK, it has
to be mathematical.
And it turns out that it is.
So just think about
yourself here for a sec.
You are an average adult in
North America of an average body
size, and you breathe 11,000
liters of air every single day.
Because I thought, well,
what is going to affect us?
What is going to keep us alive?
But what's also
going to affect us?
You have 5 liters of
blood in your body--
that's it.
You circulate 5 liters
of blood every 60 seconds
to every cell in your body.
You pump 7,600 liters
of blood a day.
And this 11,000 liters of air
equates to 4 million liters
a year, 40 million
liters a decade.
And when you go
to a 20-year-old,
you measure their
kidney function,
the average 20-year-old
has 100% kidney function.
You go to a 60-year-old, and
the 60-year-old is down at 35%
efficiency from a 20-year-old.
And that is messed up because
your kidneys and your liver are
what filter your blood that
you're pumping 7,600 liters
a day and you've only got
this 5 liters to work with.
And your blood production
facility, which is your body,
it produces blood all the time.
But I found that it
doesn't produce enough.
Because why would a 60-year-old
have 35% kidney function versus
a 20 at 100% average is because
the 60-year-old breathe 160
million liters of air
more than the 20-year-old.
And guess what's in your air?
It is so insane the
world we live in.
We're driving around in cars
with rubber tires on them,
and people think that it's
the pollution from the fuel.
Well, that's a problem.
But they go to a battery-powered
car that now burns tires
up twice as fast.
And when I started to do
the analysis on the tires,
I found out that in
2010, they produced
a study that showed there was
10 billion pounds of rubber
dust made of rubber, cotton,
epoxies, resins, plastics,
microplastics, chemicals,
and metals into the air.
And this is just
one of thousands
of different pollutants that are
nanoparticles that are floating.
You don't see any
rubber on the road.
It's a mile and a half
above every highway
and you're breathing it.
And so just that one thing
alone, you start breathing it in
and your body gets behind the
eight ball until you're at 60.
You're still
looking pretty good.
Look at a person at 80
and tell me how they look.
Not good.
So they start to go-- it's
like this downward thing.
If you could go back
to a 20-year-old,
like my friend here
in the audience,
and start then and
maintain that 20 years old,
you have to turn your body into
a high volume blood production
facility.
Because it's the blood that's
bringing it in and delivering it
to every cell, it's
the blood that's
supposed to be able
to carry it out.
So I didn't find out
the exact formula
until I was 64 years old.
I just turned 65 in
June of this year.
And I started this raw
material intake into my body
and I went through quite
the roller coaster.
For the first seven
months, my blood pressure
went from athletic-- which I
thought I was very proud of,
115 over 65.
I found out that my body is
totally filled with garbage.
All of my cardiovascular system,
which is 10,000 kilometers long,
6,500 miles of cardiovascular
tubing, arteries, veins,
and capillaries was hardened
because all these nano
particulates I've been breathing
my whole life have now got
into the muscle walls
that made them stiff.
I found out my organs
were plugged up--
oh, joy.
My blood pressure goes
from athletic to 180/120,
which everybody thinks is high.
That's a mythology, by the way.
It's only high if I
hadn't done anything.
And it says, if you take
salt, your blood pressure
is going to go up.
That's a total myth.
That is not true.
I am cranking 5 grams
of unrefined sea
salt in 1 liter of water and
1 liter for 50 pounds of body
weight.
So I'm doing more than
three liters a day.
My blood pressure goes up
for the first four months
to 180/120.
Do I care?
Absolutely not.
I'm not going to
go to the doctor
and take diuretics and
have them freak out on me.
I don't care.
I know that I'm
producing more blood,
and therefore more blood going
through a stiffened system
is going to cause
high blood pressure.
So, what?
After seven months, it's back
down to normal, like 130/90.
And I thought, I'm
still drinking more
and now it's down-- now
it's back to athletic.
So I go, interesting, drinking
salt water actually normalize
my blood pressure, turn my
cardiovascular system back
into a 25-something-year-old
because all the clean blood that
I produced on high volume now is
gone into every cell in my body
and pulled it all
out of my brain.
My brain function doubled.
I had my prostate,
which was enlarged.
The typical 64-year-old guy
with a prostate problem,
urinary issues, low libido--
that reversed in three months.
Only the first three
months, I noticed
my prostate issues were gone.
And then your gut acid,
your hydrochloric acid
in your stomach, how
important is that?
Everybody gets
gut issues as they
get older because their
hydrochloric acid quality goes
down.
Well, guess what hydrochloric
acid is made from?
Sea salt. It's the
chloride minerals.
Hydrochloric is the key,
and you are a walking ocean.
So another mythology we're
told is you're 80% water.
You're not 80% water.
Anybody give me some
water out of your body.
You can't.
If you cry a tear, it's like
one-third diluted saltwater
from an ocean.
You're literally
a walking ocean.
Once I found out what the
only raw material that
is biocompatible and
bioidentical and bioavailable
to the body to use to produce
blood is the only one.
You can't go to all these
other electrolyte products
and do this.
You have to have
5 grams per liter
and 1 liter for every 50
pounds of body weight.
Now, if I was 400 pounds, I
would still only do 3 liters
a day because I've
only got 5 liters.
So the average human is 150
to 170 for males, 100 to 120
for females, unless
you're a larger body size.
And so you just need that much.
And it costs $15 retail a month
for the best possible salt
on earth that is
totally certified,
no microplastics, heavy metals.
It's got the proper assay.
It's not like from
the Himalayas.
It's 99.6% sodium chloride,
which you don't want.
You want the full spectrum
and you add it to your body.
And your body goes
into high production
and it completely
changes your life.
It is the biggest
elephant in the room
and it is the thing that
we've all been missing.
And so the mission now is to get
this out because I am a living
testimony.
Now, how did I find
out about this?
A friend of mine phoned me.
She was 67 years old.
I'd been sharing health tips
with her for five years.
She goes, I've got
something for you.
She goes, this is going
to be really weird.
And she never talks about
this stuff with me before.
But she said, I thought that
I had a hormonal problem.
At 45 years old, she
got vaginal dryness.
And she went to the naturopath.
They have millions of dollars,
a very wealthy family.
And she tried everything.
And she ran into this guy in
Peru at the beginning of 2022,
and she was referred to him.
And he said to her,
tell me your problems.
So she told him all the problems
about the vaginal dryness that
never got fixed, by the way,
everything she tried to do.
He said, you don't have
any hormone problems.
Stop it.
You're dehydrated.
That's all it is.
She goes, no, I'm
perfectly hydrated.
I drink 2 or 3 liters of water a
day and the best water in there.
She goes, no, that's
what's killing you.
That dehydrates you.
When you drink pure water, you
donate your precious minerals
in your body to the
water and pee it out.
Don't do that.
Go and get the salt water.
Within two months of her
drinking the protocol,
she had vaginal lubrication
of a 21-year-old.
And we would never talk
about that subject otherwise.
And she goes, I think I've
tapped into something.
I said, well, that's
very interesting.
This is in April of 2022.
So I just poured some
energy into the information,
found the right salts, made
sure it was the clean stuff,
started in October.
So it's been 14 months
and I have never
dreamed that my body could be
this much advanced, because I
had done so many things.
You think about $90 million,
that's a lot of money.
And we earned that money
and we just put it back.
And I didn't take the money.
And I knew that this knowledge
that we were missing,
and this is just
one of the keys.
There's actually two more keys
and I'm running out of time.
But anyway, you get the drift.
This is the most
important information
I could ever deliver to anyone.
And the only way you find out
is when you do it yourself.
So, thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
[THEME MUSIC]